sample-infra/README.md, before:

# Implemention and Setup for Azure Front Door Enhancements for AKS.

1. Create a Kubernetes Cluster or use an existing one. (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/tutorial-kubernetes-deploy-cluster?view=azure-cli-latest)

1. Install Helm locally with Tiller on your AKS cluster if you don't already have it installed. (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-helm)

1. [Use Helm to install the NGINX Ingress Controller](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/ingress-basic) In this case, we are using the [Kubernetes implemnetation of the NGINX Ingress Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), not the NGINX or NGINX Plus controller.  You can learn more about the differences [here.](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/master/docs/nginx-ingress-controllers.md)

~~~
helm install stable/nginx-ingress  --namespace kube-system --set rbac.create=false,rbac.createRole=false,rbac.createClusterRole=false
~~~

1. Set up Azure Front Door.  Azure Front Door can be setup in the Portal, using an Azure CLI extension or via [ARM Templates.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/frontdoor/front-door-quickstart-template-samples)

To deploy the template:
~~~
az group deployment create --name ExampleDeployment --resource-group ExampleGroup --template-file frontdoor.json --parameters @frontdoor.parameters.json
~~~ 

To deploy via CLI:

~~~
az network front-door create -g <GroupName> -n <AFD Name> --backend-address <IP Address>

az network front-door backend-pool backend add --address <IP Address> -f <AFDName> --pool-name DefaultBackendPool -g <GroupName>
~~~

1. Install the Kubernetes Front Door Controller

Commit message:

Added Templates and Documentation (#7)
* Created infrastructre for Kubernetes

* Fix folder structure

* Frontdoor Automation

Added ARM Template for frontdoor creation and basic Setup Instructions.

* Updated Readme

* Added code for helm deployment of nginx-ingress

sample-infra/README.md, after:

# Implemention and Setup for Azure Front Door Enhancements for AKS.

1. Create a Kubernetes Cluster or use an existing one. (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/tutorial-kubernetes-deploy-cluster?view=azure-cli-latest)

1. Install Helm locally with Tiller on your AKS cluster if you don't already have it installed. (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-helm)

1. [Use Helm to install the NGINX Ingress Controller](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/ingress-basic) In this case, we are using the [Kubernetes implemnetation of the NGINX Ingress Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx), not the NGINX or NGINX Plus controller.  You can learn more about the differences [here.](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/master/docs/nginx-ingress-controllers.md)

~~~
helm install stable/nginx-ingress  --namespace kube-system --set rbac.create=false,rbac.createRole=false,rbac.createClusterRole=false
~~~

1. Set up Azure Front Door.  Azure Front Door can be setup in the Portal, using an Azure CLI extension or via [ARM Templates.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/frontdoor/front-door-quickstart-template-samples)

<<<<<<< HEAD
To deploy the template:
=======
>>>>>>> Added Templates and Documentation (#7)
~~~
az group deployment create --name ExampleDeployment --resource-group ExampleGroup --template-file frontdoor.json --parameters @frontdoor.parameters.json
~~~ 

<<<<<<< HEAD
To deploy via CLI:

~~~
az network front-door create -g <GroupName> -n <AFD Name> --backend-address <IP Address>

az network front-door backend-pool backend add --address <IP Address> -f <AFDName> --pool-name DefaultBackendPool -g <GroupName>
~~~

=======
>>>>>>> Added Templates and Documentation (#7)
1. Install the Kubernetes Front Door Controller
